Add playwright to js-environments (#624)
scala-js/scala-js-website: doc/project/js-environments.md

For more options of the PhantomJS environment, see
[the Scaladoc of `PhantomJSEnv`]({{ site.production_url }}/api/sbt-scalajs-env-phantomjs/1.0.0/org/scalajs/jsenv/phantomjs/sbtplugin/PhantomJSEnvPlugin$$autoImport$.html).

## Playwright 

> [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) is a comprehensive testing library, enabling automation of Chromium, Firefox, and WebKit browsers. It supports multiple platforms and languages, including Mobile Web, making it an optimal choice for testing JavaScript in real browser environments. 

Reviewer: We keep one sentence per line for easier diffs later on:
```suggestion
[Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) is a comprehensive testing library, enabling automation of Chromium, Firefox, and WebKit browsers.
It supports multiple platforms and languages, including Mobile Web, making it an optimal choice for testing JavaScript in real browser environments. 
```

> [`scala-js-env-playwright`](https://github.com/gmkumar2005/scala-js-env-playwright) is an independent project that offers jsEnv and employs Playwright for JavaScript execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`scala-js-env-playwright`](https://github.com/gmkumar2005/scala-js-env-playwright) is an independent project that offers a `JSEnv` that uses Playwright for JavaScript execution.
```

> The playwright based `jsEnv` can be enabled by adding following settings in build.sbt 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The playwright-based `jsEnv` can be enabled by adding the following settings in `build.sbt`
```

```scala

> jsEnv := new PWEnv(
>       browserName = "chrome",
>       headless = true,
>       showLogs = true
>     )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
jsEnv := new PWEnv(
  browserName = "chrome",
  headless = true,
  showLogs = true
)
```

```

> Addtionally it requires following line in `project/plugins.sbt`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Addtionally it requires the following line in `project/plugins.sbt`:
```

```scala
// For Scala.js 1.x
libraryDependencies += "io.github.gmkumar2005" %% "scala-js-env-playwright" % "0.1.8"
```

> The `browserName` parameter accepts `chrome` , `chromium` , `firefox`, and `webkit` as possible options. Please be aware that webkit support is currently in an experimental stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `browserName` parameter accepts `chrome` , `chromium` , `firefox`, and `webkit` as possible options.
Please be aware that webkit support is currently in an experimental stage.
```

### In browser debugging

> To maintain the browser window open post-execution, simply incorporate the `withKeepAlive`  option into the environment.

Reviewer: "simply" never adds real meaning to a sentence; it should be removed:
```suggestion
To maintain the browser window open post-execution, add the `withKeepAlive`  option into the environment.
```

```scala
lazy val pwenvConfig = Def.setting {
  jsenv.playwright.PWEnv
    .Config()
    .withKeepAlive(true)
}

jsEnv := new jsenv.playwright.PWEnv(
  browserName = "chrome",
  headless = true,
  showLogs = true,
  pwenvConfig.value,
)

``` 
### Headless Usage

> Running in headless mode is crucial for operations within Docker containers and build servers. By default, `scala-js-env-playwright` operates in headless mode. However, for debugging purposes, you can set headless to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running in headless mode is crucial for operations within Docker containers and build servers.
By default, `scala-js-env-playwright` operates in headless mode.
However, for debugging purposes, you can set headless to `false`.
```
